README.md, before:

# VS Code Schema.org Snippets

This extension includes [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) snippets for implementing [Schema.org](https://www.schema.org/) JSON-LD. Currently working on snippets following the [Google Structured Data Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/intro-structured-data). Snippets include properties that are both required and recommended by Google.

## Installation

Launch the Command Pallete with `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd` + `Shift` + `P` (OSX) and type Extensions. From there, you can search for this extension and click `Install`.

## Supported Languages/File Extensions

* JavaScript (.js)
* TypeScript (.ts)
* JavaScript React (.jsx)
* TypeScript React (.tsx)

## Usage

Type part of a snippet and press `enter` or `tab`.

## Snippets

| Snippet | Content |
| ------- | ------- |
| `breadcrumb-list-schema` | Breadcrumb List Schema ([Google Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/breadcrumb), [Schema.org Reference](https://schema.org/BreadcrumbList)) |
| `corporate-contact-schema` | Corporate Contact Schema ([Google Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/corporate-contact)) |
| `job-posting-schema` | Job Posting Schema ([Google Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/job-posting), [Schema.org Reference](https://schema.org/JobPosting)) |
| `product-aggregate-offer-schema` | Product Aggregate Offer Schema ([Google Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/product), [Schema.org Reference](https://schema.org/AggregateOffer)) |
| `product-schema` | Product Schema ([Google Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/product), [Schema.org Reference](https://schema.org/Product)) |
| `script-json-ld` | JSON-LD Script Tag |
| `sitelinks-searchbox-schema` | Sitelinks Searchbox Schema ([Google Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/sitelinks-searchbox), [Schema.org Reference](https://schema.org/WebSite)) |

## Authors

* **Austin Gordon** - *Development* - [GitHub](https://github.com/AustinLeeGordon)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Added Event, Recipe, and Video Schemas, updated script-json-ld snippet and README.md

README.md, after:

# VS Code Schema.org Snippets

This extension includes [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) snippets for implementing [Schema.org](https://www.schema.org/) JSON-LD. Currently working on snippets following the [Google Structured Data Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/intro-structured-data). Snippets include properties that are both required and recommended by Google. Structured data is very flexibile and certain optional properties may have undesired results. Follow the [Google Structured Data Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/intro-structured-data) to ensure intended use.

## Installation

Launch the Command Pallete with `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd` + `Shift` + `P` (OSX) and type Extensions. From there, you can search for this extension and click `Install`. You can also install it on the [VS Code Extensions Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=austinleegordon.vscode-schema-dot-org).

## Supported Languages/File Extensions

* JavaScript (.js)
* TypeScript (.ts)
* JavaScript React (.jsx)
* TypeScript React (.tsx)

## Usage

Type part of a snippet and press `enter` or `tab`. If tab completion is disabled, go to `File` + `Preferences` + `Settings` (Windows/Linux) or `Code` + `Preferences` + `Settings` (OSX) and set `editor.tabCompletion` to `true`.

## Snippets

| Snippet | Content |
| ------- | ------- |
| `breadcrumb-list-schema` | Breadcrumb List Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/breadcrumb), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/BreadcrumbList)) |
| `corporate-contact-schema` | Corporate Contact Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/corporate-contact)) |
| `event-schema` | Event Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/event), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/Event)) |
| `job-posting-schema` | Job Posting Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/job-posting), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/JobPosting)) |
| `product-aggregate-offer-schema` | Product Aggregate Offer Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/product), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/AggregateOffer)) |
| `product-schema` | Product Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/product), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/Product)) |
| `recipe-schema` | Recipe Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/recipe), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/Recipe)) |
| `script-json-ld` | JSON-LD Script Tag |
| `sitelinks-searchbox-schema` | Sitelinks Searchbox Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/sitelinks-searchbox), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/WebSite)) |
| `video-schema` | Video Schema ([Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/data-types/video), [Schema.org](https://schema.org/VideoObject)) |

## Authors

* **Austin Gordon** - *Development* - [GitHub](https://github.com/AustinLeeGordon)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
